VAULT-4408/document -dr-token flag (#2999)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/partials/cli/operator/flags/dr-token.mdx

<a id="operator-raft-flag-dr-token" />

**`-dr-token (string : "")`**

A [DR operation token](/vault/tutorials/enterprise/disaster-recovery#dr-operation-token-strategy)
for authenticating to a DR secondary cluster. Required when running this command

> against a DR secondary cluster, where standard Vault tokens are not accepted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for authenticating to a DR secondary cluster. Vault requires operational tokens
when running commands against a DR secondary cluster instead of a standard Vault
tokens.
```
I wasn't sure if we were trying to say that Vault generally does not allow standard tokens when running on a secondary cluster or if there are select operations that don't allow standard tokens. The suggestion assumes the former, but let me know if that's wrong and I'll update the suggestion for the latter case.

Author: I believe it's only administrative operations like write. I have updated the partial, but let me know if this is unclear or needs further information. Also removed "this"

DR secondary clusters mirror the raft peer configuration of their DR primary.
Only use this flag when you need to manage the DR secondary cluster's raft nodes
directly (for example, to remove a failed node). Verify that any changes you

> make are consistent with the DR primary's peer set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DR secondary clusters mirror the raft peer configuration of their DR primary.
Only use the `dr-token` cluster when you need to manage raft nodes for the DR
secondary cluster directly. For example, you need to manage raft directly to
remove a failed node. Verify that any changes you make are consistent with the
peer set of the DR primary.
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun, avoid possessives
